He knows that you have cooperated with our Li family
Want to take this
Knock you
Master Zhang, if you really come to borrow money
Tell me
Li Wei, I'm not short of money
But when did you cooperate with Li's?
Did you encounter any difficulties?
I didn't arrange it before
Arrange what?
Nothing.
You don't want to say you arranged it all, do you?
Ah I tell you
The reason why Weiwei Company has so many partners
All because
Wei Wei's own personal ability is relatively strong
And I also took a fancy to him
Only then did we cooperate in depth with him
You?
Do you really think you are a big shot?
Am I a big shot?
It has nothing to do with you.
Really put it up for me here
Ok Mr. Zhang
If you really want to borrow money, I can lend it to you.
But
Only this time
This is not an example.
I'm really not short of money
I'm here.
I'm here to give my daughter a birthday present
I'll leave after delivery
She's not home.
Hanging out with friends
Hey okay
Then I'll come back tomorrow.
Wait a minute.
slightly
I know our family really likes Liu Ting
That ticket VIP
Money can't buy it
Thank you, Zhenzhen
Sure will love this gift.
Huh what's this
I'd like to see it
A father who is not short of money and wants to make amends
To the daughter you made disabled
What kind of rituals have you prepared?
courting death Zhangye
What do you want?
Just a few concert tickets
What's there to be proud of?
Do you want to see gifts?
This is Liu Tianhou's private watch.
Zhenzhen will love it
Just this watch
Do you think Liu Tianhou would hide such a bad watch?
Which trash heap did you pick it up from?
Your Voice